Speak there one more video channel plus john
Galliano lately it sucks to have an idea
video there for you
the game is increasingly limited and
I've already done more than 100 videos in this
Then it gets harder and harder.
think something crazy but today I
I woke up and went to attack the little brother and I was
only with my heroes and the village center
it was neither my land nor the
around
summing up of a beating in the village center
but my queen died then
I decided to look for one of those euros
which leave a hole in the middle of the
And show them how to destroy them
a hole I made a blowing troops
So we gotta get the beating but first only.
I'll put my break wall update
because the next video, we'll figure it out
with break level 6 good although pro
attack
dg loose the beat so seeing that the cane
left a hole there near the elixir
black thinking that some would not see
put the troops there but I'm not
Anyone did not come prepared for
destroy these young oeiras six goals
This fucking thing was getting into fury.
spin carriers to take this row
down heroes japan coming in soon
back to overtake this village center
we here has ambition a star is little
for the schizophrenic style
We will not leave here without
club cana
the gang of wizards have evolved and now so
Everything level six coming in there.
finalize the beating by releasing those
bursts of energy after the face
will enter the village will see the beating that
took the gang and is soon taking away
this hole in his village
meanwhile the man only defending
while the magicians do the general cleaning
we still get some oil
to make up for the fortune I spent
on these goals lessors
the guy had a barbarian king who was
turned in jiraya managed to clear and mian
neither did the mages beat and did not
he was right to stop the damn thing
The best thing is to feel this taste of
revenge
we take happiness from the face of the kid
Thought I'd scrap my trophies more
who took a bamboo in the middle of it was this
cane
thanks for this track beating paid
the whole gang that strengthen this damn thing
with that lac and that's who's new to the
channel subscribes there tamu together izma
exchanges